# Summary 原文 1️⃣2️⃣3️⃣4️⃣5️⃣6️⃣7️⃣8️⃣9️⃣🔟

Summary Writing Task

Read the article about bonsai, which are trees usually grown in pots so they are very small in size.

Write a summary about how to care for bonsai.

Your summary should be about 80 words long (and no more than 90 words long).

You should use your own words as far as possible.

You will receive up to 6 marks for the content of your summary, and up to 6 marks for the style and accuracy of your language.

**Beautiful bonsai**

My passion for growing bonsai trees started twenty years ago when I was studying in Japan. The family I was living with had a collection of tiny, old bonsai in pots that had been given to them by their grandparents. For the family, growing these plants was not just about caring for something precious - it was about creating something beautiful. Before long, I was a bonsai fan too!

My first bonsai wasn't a great success. To make a bonsai grow into an attractive shape, you need to cut the branches every year. I was a beginner though, so this first tree ended up quite ugly! I tried again and my second bonsai was much better, so I grew more. I made mistakes, of course. Like many people, I planted my bonsai in ordinary soil at first, but I soon realised it was better to add small stones to the soil. I also learned how to lift a bonsai out of its pot to cut its roots, which helps prevent it from becoming too big.

Once a bonsai has a shape you like, looking after them becomes more straightforward. Only water them when they're nearly dry, so it shouldn't take up too much time. Just remember to feed them once a month or so - this is now part of my regular routine, and seems to work well. Like many bonsai fans, I'm a member of my local bonsai society. That's where I learned how important it is to use good quality tools, for example. It's also where I've made many new friends who share my passion.

I'm happy with my trees now, although I have nearly lost one or two of them. Last December, one of my favorites almost died in the freezing temperatures. If you're going to grow bonsai outside, it's essential to protect them in the winter months. And you have to treat any diseases immediately, whatever the season. After twenty years, I wouldn't say I'm an expert, but I definitely know a lot more about bonsai now than I did before.

# Article 题目
Writing Task

In your English class, you have had a discussion about the way that using technology can affect your social life.

Here are some comments from students in your class:
- My sister spends far too much time chatting with friends on the phone!
- I can easily find out what’s on and where parties are.
- It’s easy to connect with other people – wherever they live.
- I’ve got lots of ‘friends’ on social media – but they’re not real friends.

Write an article for your school magazine, giving your views.

The comments above may give you some ideas, and you should try to use some ideas of your own.

Your article should be between 100 and 150 words long.

You will receive up to 7 marks for the content of your article, and up to 6 marks for the style and accuracy of your language.
